https://codepen.io/mbidnyk/pen/BaNNrYo?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML?
HTML that gives meaning to the content on the  webpage that you markup. 
2. What is HTML used for?
HTML gives structure to the content of a webpage. 
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
An attribute provides additional information about an element. Put in the start tag. 
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 is used for title of a page. Should only be used once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
input and select
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
Title, author, keywords of the document 
7. What is an id?
A unique attribute that identifies an element 
8. What elements can I add an id to?
Any html element that don't have an id 
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
Once 
10. What is a class?
An attribute that can be used to identify one or more elements 
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any html elements
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
Multiple times 
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank"
14. What is the alt attribute used for?
Specifies an alternate text for an image 
15. How do I reference an id?
#
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section is semantic and a div is presentational
17. What is CSS used for?
Describe the presentation of a web page 
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
Type the element name followed by brackets
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
The same class can be used on multiple elements while a specific id can only be used for one element. I can use a unique id for individual anchor tags and the same class for multiple section tags
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.(dot)
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
A selector nested in another selector. This is useful when you want certain attributes to cascade down to the child selector 
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar:link
24. What is a pseudo selector?
A keyword added to a selector that gives the element a special state
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height:
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing:
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:capitalize,lowercase,uppercase
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border:1px dotted black;
29. How do I select everything on the page? * wildcard 
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
prompt on left side or pwd command 
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm. Be carful because there is no warning before the file is deleted
34. Why should I use version control?
To keep track of changes made to files and allows you to go back to previous file versions 
35. How often should I commit to github?
As often as possible without being inefficient
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
push -m "" 
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
Fork a repo,add TL as collaborator, clone a repo, create a branch, make changes add/commit, push to origin/branch, on github compare and pull request from your fork to your master, add TL as reviewr
